
The SI443X radio driver has the following configuration options. Some of 
these are set in the platforms/xxx/chips/si443x/RadioConfig.h header file, 
others can be set in your Makefile.

SI443X_TRX_CTRL_0_VALUE:

This is the value of the TRX_CTRL_0 register which configures the output 
pin currents and the CLKM clock:

SI443X_CCA_MODE_VALUE:

This is the default value of the CCA_MODE field in the PHY_CC_CCA register
which is used to configure the default mode of the clear channel assesment

SI443X_CCA_THRES_VALUE:

This is the value of the CCA_THRES register that controls the energy levels 
used for clear channel assesment.

SI443X_DEF_RFPOWER:

This is the default value of the TX_PWR field of the PHY_TX_PWR register. 
This can be cahanged via the PacketTransmitPower interface provided by the 
SI443XActiveMessageC.

SI443X_DEF_CHANNEL:

This is the default value of the CHANNEL field of the PHY_CC_CCA register.
This can be cahanged via the RadioChannel interface provided by the 
SI443XActiveMessageC.

SI443X_CRCBYTE_COMMAND:

This is the command used to calculate the CRC for the SI443X chip, since it 
does not support hardware CRC checking (in rev A).

SI443X_SLOW_SPI:

Define this if your microcontroller SPI interface is slower then 250 
kbit/s. This delays the start of transmission to when the header is at 
least uploaded into the TX buffer.

SI443X_RSSI_ENERGY:

If you define this, then the content of the SI443X_PHY_ED_LEVEL is queried 
instead of the RSSI value for eahc incoming message. This value can be 
obtained with the PacketRSSI interface.

SI443X_HARDWARE_ACK

If you define this, then the radio stack will use hardware acknowledgements
and address recognition. In particular, you will not be able to snoop on
onther messages. The load on the CPU is reduced, you should be able to send
more messages under heavy load. Note, that the PacketRSSI interface will
return the energy level (and not the rssi value) of received packet.

SI443X_HWACK_SLOPPY_TIMESTAMP

If you define this, then the code that calculates the time stamp of the SFD
from a single interrupt at the end of the message reception will not use
floating point computation, which will be faster but less precise.

SI443X_BACKOFF_MIN
SI443X_BACKOFF_INIT
SI443X_BACKOFF_CONG

The minimum backoff time, the initial backoff time, and the cognestion backoff
time in microseconds for the random CSMA/CA algorithm. See the SI443XRadioP.nc.
